wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/array/arrayExpr.wacc
# array literals are not first-class expressions
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/badComment.wacc
# program has missing comment declaration
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/badComment2.wacc
# program has missing in-line comment declaration
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/badEscape.wacc
# program has unacceptable escape character
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/beginNoend.wacc
# begin missing closing end
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/bgnErr.wacc
# begin token typo
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/multipleBegins.wacc
# begin missing closing end
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/noBody.wacc
# program missing body
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/skpErr.wacc
# skip typo
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/basic/unescapedChar.wacc
# unescaped double quote
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/expressions/missingOperand1.wacc
# operator missing first operand
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/expressions/missingOperand2.wacc
# operator missing second operand
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/expressions/printlnConcat.wacc
# string concatenation is not part of the language
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/badlyNamed.wacc
# function return type and name are conflated
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/badlyPlaced.wacc
# program has function before begin
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/funcExpr.wacc
# function calls are not first-class expressions
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/funcExpr2.wacc
# trying to call a function in a general expression
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionConditionalNoReturn.wacc
# function body missing return or exit statement on a path
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionEndingNotReturn.wacc
# function body not terminated with return or exit statement
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionLateDefine.wacc
# attempted function definition after body begun
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionMissingCall.wacc
# program missing call token at function use
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionMissingPType.wacc
# program missing parameter type in function
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionMissingParam.wacc
# program extra missing parameter in function definition
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionMissingType.wacc
# program missing return type of function
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionNoReturn.wacc
# function body missing return or exit statement
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionReturnInLoop.wacc
# function body missing a guaranteed return (the loop might not be entered)
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/functionScopeDef.wacc
# attempted function definition in new scope
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/mutualRecursionNoReturn.wacc
# function body of r2 missing return
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/noBodyAfterFuncs.wacc
# program missing body after function declaration
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/function/thisIsNotC.wacc
# Uses C-style pointers. This is WACC, not C.
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/if/ifNoelse.wacc
# if missing else clause
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/if/ifNofi.wacc
# if missing closing fi
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/if/ifNothen.wacc
# if missing then clause
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/if/ifiErr.wacc
# if typo
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/literals/charLiteralSingle.wacc
# Characters can have at most one character in them!
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/literals/stringLiteralNoNewlines.wacc
# Strings cannot be split across lines
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/literals/stringLiteralOnlyAscii.wacc
# Strings must only contain ASCII
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/pairs/badLookup01.wacc
# try to directly print pair's first element
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/pairs/badLookup02.wacc
# try to directly print pair's second element
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/pairs/elemOfNonPair.wacc
# Trying to get the fst or snd of a non-pair.
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/pairs/fstNull.wacc
# call fst on a null pair literal
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/pairs/noNesting.wacc
# pair types cannot be nested
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/pairs/sndNull.wacc
# call snd on a null pair literal
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/print/printlnCharArry.wacc
# You cannot directly print a char[] in WACC
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/sequence/doubleSeq.wacc
# missing sequential composition
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/sequence/emptySeq.wacc
# extra sequential composition
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/sequence/endSeq.wacc
# extra sequential composition 
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/sequence/extraSeq.wacc
# extra sequential composition
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/sequence/missingSeq.wacc
# missing sequential composition
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/variables/badintAssignments.wacc
# bad integer assignments - multiple syntax errors
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/variables/badintAssignments1.wacc
# bad integer assignment - whitespace should delimit ints
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/variables/badintAssignments2.wacc
# bad integer assignments - malformed int literal
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/variables/bigIntAssignment.wacc
# int assignment overlow
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/variables/varNoName.wacc
# variable declaration missing variable name
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/while/donoErr.wacc
# done typo
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/while/dooErr.wacc
# do typo
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/while/whilErr.wacc
# while typo
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/while/whileNodo.wacc
# while missing opening do
wacc_examples/invalid/syntaxErr/while/whileNodone.wacc
# while missing closing done
fin.